alright whats up youtube this is pretty
much just going to be based on caps as
you can tell i have a bunch of old ones
i was going through to see which ones
are dirty and which ones aren't if you
don't know how to clean cap if you don't
know how to check a cap if it's clean or
not and the easiest way you can do it is
to put on top of a dead can and if air
assault comes out it's clean if not it's
dirty or you can stick it to your mouth
and blow through the cap whatever floats
your boat anyways going through them and
these are all clean these are good these
are stocks which I don't even care about
these are all my dirty caps so what I
also want to point out now I'm looking
at this this is a level 5 gold is a
super fat by montana and brazil Annette
I can't fuck himself it all nasty as
fuck and here's a thing as the level 4
and then this is a level 3 red now when
we got these are the only Montana caps I
have and these are the these always seem
to clog for some reason these three
fucking caps I have all these Astro fats
down here that I used all the time and I
rarely use these in these clogs somehow
so I don't really recommend Montana caps
I don't really like him so anywhere in
show you had a clean your cap today the
way I'm only do it as I take all my caps
that are nasty phone in the bag like
this one this one's super fucking filthy
I'll throw my ziplock baggie
also note that skinny caps are going to
clog way faster I mean it's common sense
but if you don't know what they will
cause hella fast oh I'm gonna take some
paint thinner like alloys and just pour
it in the bag just fill that bitch up
and make sure it doesn't have a fucking
hole epic damn it hold on so let's try
this again this is probably good morning
for you to make sure your bag does not
have a hole in it otherwise you end up
with the same problem I just had now
that my desk smells like fucking paint
in it yay not really because it heat off
this thing my office
right away oh let's try this again
yes this will use a quite a bit of paint
thinner but this is what I do one over i
have a bunch of dirty cats so one
database is kind of shift around look at
the exit of that water anymore stargate
mercury now this will not guarantee your
cabs queen there's no guarantee for
cleaning caps unless of course you bring
a can of montana solvent around with you
know the shit that actually cleans caps
or it cleans off montana paint what you
do is you carry that around with you and
you spray through your cap after every
time you use it which is pretty fucking
stupid idea no way if you're tempted
your fill this out and so you just kind
of will leave this like this for a
couple days and it it will remove most
Hank doesn't tell you can in see through
the water anymore if I can fucking get
on the camera there's no caps no way
that's just fucking nasty or paint
thinner
just come by and move it around
sometimes and this should get rid of a
lot of your pain if you want inked it on
more thinner it'll help it out and
that's pretty much the best you can do
to an attempt to clean your caps because
you know once their quality you know
there's nothing else you can really much
do you can try to you know take it out
with a needle but that didn't work you
try to spray it out sometimes that will
work but not always but you don't want
to really leave your caps in a one
they're clogged like this laying around
the faster you clean them more you know
to create your chance of success of
actually getting them clean so you just
want to keep moving around like this
maybe leave it out for a couple days and
then once you got it like this come back
the next day and flip it so you get the
other half of them and just kind of keep
moving around all reason I didn't fill
it all the way up is because I'm running
low on paint thinner and i'm broke like
a motherfucker so i have enough money to
buy more paint thinner but that's a good
way to keep your clot caps clean other
than that oh here's a good one hope I
just not spray painting on anything
here's a camp rust-oleum a lot of
problems I see with people on there
spray painting let's try to get a skinny
cap that's not
just there's gold up this one they spray
paint they're actually pushing down on
this side what you want is you want to
press directly down if you spray it off
to the side like with these rust-oleum
cans it will start leaking off the side
like this can it'll go every word and it
just gets nasty you want to spray
directly down just remember that I mean
it's hard to remember once you've gotten
used to not doing it like that but yeah
there you go that's a good cap cleaning
information so good luck with cleaning
your calves oh also here's another one
you can use instead of the Montana
solvent shit you can go to a cleaning
store and get that graffiti spray paint
remover you can try to use that it
doesn't always work it will work if user
right after spray painting but my
neighbor the paint's dry there's it's
not really there's no guarantee to get
in that shit out but capture cheap so
it's too much of a hassle to buy some
new ones like Astros I can live off
Astros is that I love fucking fat cat
whines good flares good lines and
they're great for throw ease